Okay, so let's go ahead and practice using
Certificate Manager.
So I'm going to type, "Certificate Manager"
And open the service.
So here we're able to request a certificate,
and we're going to request a public certificate.
Click on Next.
We need to type now the fully qualified domain name.
So it's going to be, "ACMdemo.Stephantheteacher.com."
And this is because I currently own Stephantheteacher.com.
And this is a domain that has been registered on my AWS
account and it is managed by Route 53.
So for validation method, I will use DNS validation
because this is very easy.
There is a direct integration between ACM and Route 53.
For the key algorithm, I'll leave it as the default
and I click on request.
So now the request is pending the validation,
which is a DNS validation.
And so I scroll up, and here on the domains you see
that there's a pending validation
and there is a record that needs to be created
for this value and this name.
So I can just click here
and click on Create Record in Amazon Route 53.
Let's click on Create Records.
And now that these records have been created
in Amazon Route 53 for me, this validation will take
a little bit of time, but it will happen.
So let me pause the video until AWS is able to verify
that I still own this domain
and that the records have been inserted in route 53.
So my certificate has now been issued.
This is success.
And so we need to start using it.
So for this, let's go into Elastic Beanstalk,
'cause this is a very easy way for us to start environment
and to load SSL certificates.
So let's create an application.
It's going to be a web server environment,
and I'll call this one, "Demo TLS certificates."
Then next we're going to scroll down,
and it's going to be a managed platform.
It's going to be no JS, and we leave everything else
as default.
We'll leave the sample application,
but here we're going to choose high availability.
And actually we're going to configure it
with a custom configuration.
So we click on Next.
We take a random QC2 key pair, we click on Next.
We don't touch anything here for the database.
We click on Next.
The route volume, we don't touch anything.
We don't touch anything for the security groups for now.
We scroll down, the load balancer, we don't touch anything.
So far we're good.
And then the load balancer type is going to be
an application load balancer.
So this is the important part.
We're going to use a dedicated load balancer,
and we're going to add a listener.
And the port is going to be 443.
And the protocol is going to be HTTPS.
As you can see, now we need to choose an SSL certificate,
and this is the one we have just created now.
So next we need to choose a policy for our TLS.
So really you can choose whatever policy you want in here.
For example, the first one,
and this is defining how strong you want your HTTPS security
to be, but we'll just save it.
And now we have a listener that is going to be compatible
on our load balancer, and it's on port 443.
So this is perfect.
We may have to change some things later on
regarding security groups, but for now we're good.
Let's click on Next.
And we don't need anything here,
so I'm just going to click on Next.
And review everything.
And let's submit.
So now what's happening is that Beanstalk
is going to launch our environment with a load balancer,
an auto scaling group, and EC2 instances.
And we have created a 443 listener on our load balancer.
And we have loaded our TLS or SSL certificate
directly under the balancer.
So let's wait for the environment
to be launched and we'll get back.
Okay, so my environment has been successfully launched,
so I can click on this domain.
As you can see right now, I access using the Beanstalk URL,
but we want to access using our ACM demo URL.
So first of all, we need to create a CNAME in Route 53.
So for this, let's go into Route 53.
We, under the hosted zone, look at our one,
so stephantheteacher.com.
And then I'm going to create a record,
and it's going to be ACM demo, it's of type CNAME
because it's a domain to another domain,
and we paste the value, but without the HTP.
So here now we're saying if someone goes to
ACMdemo.stephantheteacher.com then actually go to this URL
behind the scene.
Okay, so let's create this record.
And it has been created.
And now let's test it out.
So we're going to paste this here,
and we're gonna go to the URL.
We need to wait a little bit maybe for the domain name
to be propagated.
And now just refreshed and I'm able to access my page
using my URL.
So this was just a DNS propagation issue.
Okay, so we're good, we are with this URL,
but as you can see, there is no little lock.
So let's add, "https://" To see if we can access it
using HTTPS.
And yes, we can.
As you can see now, the lock saying that the connection
is secure, it's verified by Amazon,
and we can get more information around our certificates
by just using Firefox or Chrome or whatever you want.
You can view the certificates.
And this gives you a lot of information
around the certificate that we were just issued by ACM.
So actually we didn't need to do any changes
to security groups, which was great.
So how do we also verify on the side of AWS
that everything is loaded correctly besides this?
Because all of it is working.
Well, let's go into, for example, the EC2 console.
And then let's have a look at our load balancers.
We find our load balancer right here,
and we look at the listeners and rules.
And we can see here we have a rule for HTPS 443.
And if you click on it, we can see
that there is a default SSL TLS certificate
that has been loaded directly from ACM.
From ACM, yes.
And if you wanted to, you could change the default
or you can add more certificates directly from this UI
as well.
But this is good, we've seen the integration between ACM
and Elastic Beanstalk and your load balancers.
So now to just clean things up and make sure you don't have
any ongoing cost, please go to your environment,
this one, and then, or your application, even easier.
And then you do Action, and then Delete Application,
and you just type the entire name of the application,
"Demo TLS certificates."
And you're done.
So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.